I was jolted awake by the sound of gunfire in one of the neighboring stacks. 
The shots were followed by a few minutes of muffled shouting and screaming, then silence.
Gunfire wasn’t uncommon in the stacks, but it still shook me up.
I knew I probably wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep, so I decided to kill the remaining hours until dawn by brushing up on a few coin-op classics.
Galaga, Defender, Asteroids. These games were outdated digital dinosaurs that had become museum pieces long before I was born.
But I was a gunter, so I didn’t think of them as quaint low-res antiques. To me, they were hallowed artifacts.
Pillars of the pantheon. When I played the classics, I did so with a determined sort of reverence.

I was curled up in an old sleeping bag in the corner of the trailer’s tiny laundry room, wedged into the gap between the wall and the dryer.
I wasn’t welcome in my aunt’s room across the hall, which was fine by me.
I preferred to crash in the laundry room anyway.
It was warm, it afforded me a limited amount of privacy, and the wireless reception wasn’t too bad.
And, as an added bonus, the room smelled like liquid detergent and fabric softener.
The rest of the trailer reeked of cat piss and abject poverty.
Most of the time I slept in my hideout. 
But the temperature had dropped below zero the past few nights, and as much as I hated staying at my aunt’s place, it still beat freezing to death.

A total of fifteen people lived in my aunt’s trailer. 
She slept in the smallest of its three bedrooms. 
The Depperts lived in the bedroom adjacent to hers, and the Millers occupied the large master bedroom at the end of the hall. 
There were six of them, and they paid the largest share of the rent. 
Our trailer wasn’t as crowded as some of the other units in the stacks. 
It was a double-wide. Plenty of room for everybody.

I pulled out my laptop and powered it on. 
It was a bulky, heavy beast, almost ten years old. 
I’d found it in a trash bin behind the abandoned strip mall across the highway. 
I’d been able to coax it back to life by replacing its system memory and reloading the stone-age operating system. 
The processor was slower than a sloth by current standards, but it was fine for my needs. 
The laptop served as my portable research library, video arcade, and home theater system. 
Its hard drive was filled with old books, movies, TV show episodes, song files, and nearly every videogame made in the twentieth century.